From there, the five so-called priority chemicals were loaded on to a Danish cargo vessel, which then waited in international waters for each additional shipment before eventually setting sail for the Italian container port of Gioia Tauro.	2	0
The multinational mission to get rid of them, overseen by the United Nations Security Council and the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), was due to be completed by 30 June 2014.	8	0
Most of Syria's priority chemical weapons material will be destroyed on board the MV Cape Ray, which has been fitted with twin hydrolysis systems	2	0
Syria has blamed fighting for delaying the handover of weapons.	2	0
A similar operation for the less dangerous industrial grade chemicals has taken place with a Norwegian vessel.	2	0
US ship the MV Cape Ray will deal with the majority of the priority toxic substances by a process of hydrolysis, while in international waters in the Mediterranean Sea.	8	0
How will the process work?	315	1
Most of Syria's chemical weapons substances exist as separate materials that only create the highly toxic warfare agents when mixed together, according to the OPCW.	10	0
Syria was believed to possess 1,300 tonnes of chemical agents, including sulphur mustard (which forms mustard gas), nerve agents sarin and VX and their precursor ingredients.	2	0
Once at Gioia Tauro, some 560 tonnes of material, including sulphur mustard and DF - the precursor to sarin - will be transferred on to the Cape Ray, which will sail into international waters to carry out neutralisation by hydrolysis.	3	0
The ship is currently docked at the southern Italian port of Gioia Tauro.	2	0
The UK will also deal with a quantity of the chemicals at a plant in Ellesmere Port.	8	0
The Syrian government was responsible for moving the chemicals from storage sites around the country to the port city of Latakia.	2	0
Syria has begun transferring some of its chemical weapons to an American cargo ship, equipped with special facilities to destroy the toxic material at sea.	2	0
They are in liquid form and held in drums and bulk containers, rather than already placed in bombs or other munitions.	2	0
The first shipment of 16 tonnes of priority chemicals left Latakia on 7 January on a commercial Danish ship, accompanied by a naval escort from Russia, China, Denmark and Norway.	3	0
The Russian-US deal to eliminate Syria's arsenal was drawn up last year after hundreds of people died in a sarin rocket attack in the Ghouta area outside Damascus on 21 August.	26	1
Mr. Kerry did not specify what the United States was prepared to do in response to a Russian military intervention, focusing instead on what he said the Russians would sacrifice.	5	0
As the crisis deepened, Reuters said, the Ukrainian Foreign Ministry summoned the ranking Russian representative in Ukraine to call for immediate consultations with Moscow after the seizure of the Crimean regional government and Parliament buildings.	1	0
While few analysts expected a Russian military intervention in Ukraine, most said that Mr. Putin was likely to respond in some fashion to such a stinging geopolitical defeat.	9	0
I think it would cost them hugely in the world, where they are trying to assert a sort of greater legitimacy with respect to their diplomacy, he said.	5	0
I think it would cost them hugely in the world, where they are trying to assert a sort of greater legitimacy with respect to their diplomacy,	5	0
He blamed pro-Russia forces for the overnight seizure of government buildings, describing the action as a direct interference in the affairs of Crimea and of Ukraine.	9	0
A diplomatic note handed to the Russian envoy, Andrei Vorobyov, requested that the Russian military based in the Crimean port of Sevastopol stay on base, Reuters reported.	1	0
In the Ukrainian Parliament in Kiev, lawmakers dismissed Mr. Yanukovych's statement as irrelevant and a reflection that he had lost touch with political reality.	7	0
Yanukovych is no longer president, Arseniy P. Yatsenyuk, who was overwhelmingly approved as acting prime minister by the Parliament on Thursday, told the Ukrainska Pravda news site.	7	0
The military maneuvers were widely seen as saber-rattling by a Kremlin that has spent a decade or more trying to extinguish separatist sentiments in the North Caucasus and elsewhere.	2	0
We agree, we agree, the crowd shouted.	22	1
a direct interference in the affairs of Crimea and of Ukraine.	24	1
Yanukovych is no longer president,	47	1
Foreign Minister Sergey V. Lavrov of Russia was quoted as saying that his country would defend its compatriots in Ukraine uncompromisingly, and officials in Kiev were said to tell the Russian military to remain within its Crimean naval base.	1	0
The question was how, and on Wednesday he provided a first answer, when Russia's military put tens of thousands of troops in western Russia on alert at 2 p.m. for an exercise scheduled to last until March 3.	7	0
Russia has refused so far to recognize the legitimacy of the new political powers in Ukraine's Parliament, and denounced their actions since Mr. Yanukovych's flight as inflammatory and divisive, including what the Foreign Ministry described on Wednesday as discrimination toward Russian Orthodox believers.	5	0
This is the first step toward civil war,	6	0
Most streets in Simferopol were empty of traffic after the authorities ordered a citywide holiday, and the Crimean legislature called an emergency session for Friday afternoon.	7	0
Russian news agencies reported that he had already arrived in Russia, but officials did not immediately confirm that.	53	1
They nevertheless elicited new warnings from Western governments, notably the United States, which reminded Russia of its own admonishments to the West about its military interventions in Libya and other nations.	2	0
As the standoff unfolded, the entrance to the Crimean Parliament was barricaded with wooden boxes, metal garbage skips and other objects.	6	0
to heed those warnings as they think about options in the sovereign nation of Ukraine.	161	1
Taken together, the events illustrated the continuing challenges that the new government in Kiev faces in calming separatism at home and placating a frustrated Russian leader who sees Ukraine as a vital part of his strategy to rebuild Russian influence not along the lines of the former Soviet Union, but of the czars.	3	0
Asserting that Russian armored vehicles were waiting outside the city, he called for calm but also urged Tatar residents to form self-defense units to protect their interests.	23	1
Amid the turmoil in Crimea, Arsen Avakov, Ukraine's acting interior minister, called for calm in a posting on his Facebook page, saying that unspecified measures were being taken to counter the extremist actions and prevent an escalation of an armed conflict in the center of the city.	7	0
will be considered a military aggression,	146	1
Crimea was Russian territory until the Soviet Union ceded it to the Soviet Socialist Republic of Ukraine in 1954, and Russians there have already pleaded for the Kremlin's intervention to protect the region from Ukraine's new leadership.	8	0
Eight hundred miles away, President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia ordered a surprise military exercise of ground and air forces on Ukraine's doorstep on Wednesday, adding to the tensions with Europe and the United States and underscoring his intention to keep Ukraine in Moscow's orbit.	9	0
It shows once again that this person does not evaluate the situation objectively as it is.	7	0
secure my personal safety from the actions of extremists.	58	1
being taken to counter the extremist actions and prevent an escalation of an armed conflict in the center of the city.	9	0
Nobody knows who, what or why, said a resident who identified himself only as Gennady and who voiced alarm that the armed action could set off a spiral of violence in a region riven by political, ethnic and religious differences.	2	0
The events came a day after thousands of protesters in Simferopol, the capital of Ukraine's Crimea region and a tinderbox of ethnic, religious and political divisions, clashed in the tumultuous struggle for Ukraine that drove the president from power last weekend and that has pushed Russia and the West into a face-off reminiscent of the Cold War.	5	0
This is the first step toward civil war, said Igor Baklanov, a computer expert who joined a group of anxious residents gathered in a cold drizzle at a police line near the seized regional legislature.	5	0
The minister of defense, Sergei K. Shoigu, also announced unspecified measures to tighten security at the headquarters of Russia's Black Sea Fleet on the Crimean Peninsula.	9	0
But it was unclear how much authority Mr. Avakov has over the police and other state services in Crimea, where a heavily ethnic Russian and Russian-speaking population mostly views the Ukrainian government installed after the ouster last weekend of Mr. Yanukovych as the illegitimate result of a fascist coup.	8	0
In an interview outside the Parliament chamber, Kateryna Vashchuk, a lawmaker from the Volyn region in western Ukraine, said, It shows once again that this person does not evaluate the situation objectively as it is.	7	0
The rallies, which ended in a chaotic melee and left several people injured, disrupted a session of the regional Parliament that hard-line pro-Russia groups had hoped would declare Crimea's secession from Ukraine.	4	0
Gunmen Seize Government Buildings in Crimea.	85	1
Russian news agencies quoted military officials as saying Russian warplanes had been ordered onto combat alert, although that appeared to be in connection with large-scale military exercises announced earlier this week.	1	0
He is a wanted person who is suspected of mass murder and crimes against humanity.	7	0
It's a time for cool heads, the healthy consolidation of forces, and careful action.	30	1
We are not separatists. Russia, Ukraine and Belarus are one country.	9	0
Rumors swirled of Russian troops on the way from Sevastopol, the headquarters of Russia's fleet, of Russian nationalists arriving in force to reinforce the blockaded government buildings and of negotiations between the local authorities and the unidentified gunmen.	5	0
Russia, Ukraine and Belarus are one country.	23	1
Police officers sealed off access to the buildings but said that they had no idea who was behind the assault, which sharply escalated tensions in a region that serves as home to Russia's Black Sea Fleet and also to a number of radical pro-Russia groups that have appealed to Moscow to protect them from the new interim government in Kiev, the Ukrainian capital.	23	1
Senior defense and government officials later said that the exercise was not related to the events in Ukraine, which officials here have watched with growing alarm, but they also said that there was no reason to postpone them either, and the geopolitical message was clear.	9	0
Nobody knows who, what or why,	2	0
Even so, the public clamor of ethnic Russians in Crimea and eastern Ukraine has raised fears that Russia could be provoked to intervene.	2	0
Failure to remain on the base will be considered a military aggression, Ukraine's acting president, Oleksandr V. Turchynov, told the national Parliament, news reports said.	2	0
Provocateurs are on the march,	74	1
Speaking to a small group of reporters in Washington, Secretary of State John Kerry said it was important for the Russians to heed those warnings as they think about options in the sovereign nation of Ukraine.	5	0
SIMFEROPOL, Ukraine — Masked men with guns seized government buildings in the capital of Ukraine's Crimea region on Thursday, barricading themselves inside and raising the Russian flag after mysterious overnight raids that appeared to be the work of militant Russian nationalists who want this volatile Black Sea region ruled from Moscow.	32	1
Mr. Kerry also said that the United States was considering a $1 billion package of loan guarantees to Ukraine, as well as direct aid to the Ukrainian government, to help address the deepening economic crisis there.	1	0
a real threat to our interests and to our citizens' lives and health.	33	1
Outside the occupied legislature building, columns of several hundred pro-Russia protesters forced their way through police lines chanting Rossiya, Rossiya — Russia, Russia — and waving Russian flags.	10	0
The leader of a group called the Russian Movement for Crimea read out Mr. Yanukovych's reported statement declaring himself to be the legitimate president.	10	0
Adding to the confusion, Viktor F. Yanukovych, the ousted president of Ukraine, declared on Thursday that he remained the country's lawful leader and appealed to Russia to secure my personal safety from the actions of extremists.	7	0
Mr. Putin himself has yet to make public remarks on the crisis in Ukraine, but senior officials have vowed not to interfere directly and called on the United States and Europe to do the same.	4	0
Two days earlier Prime Minister Dmitri A. Medvedev said the turmoil posed a real threat to our interests and to our citizens' lives and health.	5	0
The developments came as the authorities in Kiev and Moscow traded bellicose warnings.	3	0
The overnight raids left Simferopol residents stunned and took place just hours after thousands of Crimean Tatars, the region's minority indigenous Turkic population, and a separate throng of ethnic Russians staged dueling rallies Thursday outside Crimea's regional legislature.	4	0
The orders came as thousands of ethnic Russians gathered outside the regional Parliament in Crimea's capital, Simferopol, to protest the political upheaval in Ukraine's capital, Kiev, that felled the government of Mr. Yanukovych over the weekend and turned him into a fugitive.	9	0
One man shouted through a bullhorn: We are not separatists.	10	0
Provocateurs are on the march, Mr. Avakov added.	10	0
Refat Chubarov, a member of the assembly and a leader of Crimea's ethnic Tatar minority, said he had not been informed about the session and warned that any vote to separate Crimea from Ukraine would be very dangerous.	7	0
The report also concluded that chemical weapons had been used in the northwest town of Saraqeb on April 29, based on evidence that included interviews with medical clinicians, medical records and organ samples of a deceased victim.	1	0
The authors, members of a panel led by the Swedish scientist Ake Sellstrom, studiously avoided saying who was responsible in any of the attacks, saying it was their mandate only to ascertain whether they had taken place.	1	0
The Syrian government pressed the United Nations to investigate that site alone, but the United Nations insisted on investigating other sites as well, which Syria refused.	1	0
In both cases, the report said, chemical weapons may have been used on a relatively small scale against soldiers.	4	0
But in the other attacks investigated by the panel in the final report, it is much less clear who was responsible.	1	0
In the following months, the Khan al-Assal area was seized by insurgents linked to Al Qaeda, rendering travel there by the weapons inspectors too risky.	1	0
UNITED NATIONS — Chemical weapons were used repeatedly in the Syria conflict this year, not only in a well-documented Aug. 21 attack near Damascus but also in four other instances, including two subsequent attacks that targeted soldiers, the United Nations said in a report released Thursday.	5	0
United Nations officials had been locked in an argument with the Syrian government for months over access to that site.	1	0
And so, the panel of experts said, they interviewed medical and military personnel involved in the rescue operations at Khan al-Assal.	1	0
In the preliminary report on the Aug. 21 attack, findings implicated Mr. Assad's military by documenting the shape of the munitions and the precise direction from which two had been fired.	3	0
The report, prepared by chemical weapons specialists and doctors who traveled to Syria to conduct interviews and collect samples amid fighting, is the most comprehensive independent assessment of facts and allegations surrounding the use of chemical weapons in the conflict.	2	0
The destruction, which the United Nations is helping to oversee, has been proceeding for two months and is considered a conspicuous success in what is an increasingly grim conflict that has claimed more than 100,000 lives.	1	0
The United Nations Mission concludes that chemical weapons have been used in the ongoing conflict between the parties in the Syrian Arab Republic,	44	1
The report said there was evidence supporting the probable use of chemical weapons in two episodes in the Damascus area — in Jobar on Aug. 24 and Ashrafiah Sahnaya on Aug. 25.	4	0
The investigators could not travel there, though, so verification was impossible.	2	0
the probable use of chemical weapons	139	1
Secretary General Ban Ki-moon received the final version on Thursday and made it public about half an hour later.	1	0
It became inaccessible later because of heavy fighting.	1	0
The United Nations disarmament chief, Angela Kane, said in an interview this fall that the failure to investigate that first chemical attack had haunted her.	1	0
It was the first time the United Nations asserted as fact that chemical weapons had been used on multiple occasions in the fighting between the forces of President Bashar al-Assad and the insurgents seeking to topple him, including chemical weapons use after world outrage over the Aug. 21 attack, which killed hundreds of civilians, including children.	3	0
In some, the panel said it could not establish a link between the actual attack and the victims, either because the investigators could not travel to the site or because they could not directly collect chemical or medical samples.	1	0
The United Nations Mission concludes that chemical weapons have been used in the ongoing conflict between the parties in the Syrian Arab Republic, the final United Nations report stated.	8	0
a relatively small scale against soldiers.	62	1
The report said, None of the parties in the Syrian Arab Republic denied the use of chemical weapons in Khan al-Assal.	2	0
A preliminary version of the report, which was released on Sept. 16 and focused only on the Aug. 21 attack near Damascus, played a role in developments that ultimately led to an agreement in which the Syrian government pledged to destroy all of its chemical munitions.	1	0
Chemical Arms Used Repeatedly in Syria, U.N. Says.	19	1
Syria also insisted that chemical weapons had been used against its soldiers after the Aug. 21 attack.	4	0
Each side in the conflict accused the other in that attack.	1	0
The report said the panel had corroborated credible allegations that chemical weapons were used in the first reported attack — a March 19 episode involving soldiers and civilians in Khan al-Assal in the country's north.	7	0
None of the parties in the Syrian Arab Republic denied the use of chemical weapons	6	0
You can start with Healthcare.gov.	2	0
What you need to know to get started..	10900	1
In some jurisdictions, consumers will make their first premium payment to the exchange and then further monthly payments to the insurer.	6	0
Here are responses to some common questions.	3	0
While the District and Maryland are broadening their Medicaid programs, Virginia has not.	1	0
The law sought to extend Medicaid to everyone who earns less than 138 percent of the federal poverty level — just under $16,000 for an individual and $32,500 for a family of four based on current guidelines.	1	0
However, subsidies are generally available only for plans sold on the exchange.	3	0
Do I need to use the exchange?	4	0
How will the process work?	315	1
According to government estimates, subsidies will average $5,290 per person in 2014.	3	0
However, for businesses with 50 or fewer workers, the federal marketplaces and most states will have a Small Business Health Options program, or SHOP exchange, that will give employees more options than they now have.	1	0
Then you would fill out an application and provide information such as household size, location, income and citizenship status.	3	0
Even if your employer offers coverage, you can opt to buy a plan on the exchange.	7	0
Members of Congress and their personal staffs will not be eligible for the health law's subsidies and will purchase coverage on the exchange in the state where they live, the agency said.	2	0
That phone number is 800-318-2596.	3	0
Some states will run their own, and in others, they will be set up by the federal government; in several states, the exchange will be a federal-state partnership.	1	0
(These subsidies will be sent directly by the government to the insurer to pay a portion of the premium.	2	0
Members of Congress and their personal staffs, however, will be required to use the exchanges.	1	0
People who are in the country illegally will be barred.	1	0
What will the coverage sold on the exchanges look like?	9	0
You can get information at www.healthcare.gov, which has details on the federal exchanges and links to state-run exchanges.	1	0
Plans will have to offer a set of essential benefits that include in-patient hospital care, emergency, maternity and pediatric care as well as coverage for prescription drugs and lab services.	2	0
Where can I go for help?	4210	1
States running their own exchanges will also have individual call centers.	2	0
Will consumers be able to comparison-shop as they might when buying an airline ticket or hotel room?	2	0
Legal immigrants are permitted to use the marketplaces and may qualify for subsidies if their income is no more than 400 percent of the federal poverty level (about $46,000 for an individual and $94,200 for a family of four).	5	0
There's additional help for co-payments and deductibles for people with incomes of up to 250 percent of the poverty level ($28,725 for an individual or $58,875 for a family of four).	1	0
If my employer offers me insurance already, can I shop on the exchange to get a better deal?	1	0
Most states and the federal marketplaces will allow only businesses with 50 or fewer workers to purchase through the exchanges initially.	1	0
The health law provides sliding-scale subsidies to help people with incomes up to 400 percent of the poverty level, as explained above.	1	0
Medicare is not part of the health insurance exchanges.	51	1
If you decide to buy one of those plans, in most cases, you will be directed to the insurer's Web site to make the payment.	5	0
People who would have qualified for Medicaid in states that don't participate in the expansion can enroll in the exchanges, but they won't qualify for subsidies if their income is below the federal poverty limit.	4	0
How can they apply for subsidies?	2	0
The exchanges will also help people find out whether they are eligible for federal subsidies to help cover the cost of coverage or eligible for Medicaid, the federal-state health insurance program for the poor.	5	0
But not everyone will be allowed to buy from the exchanges, right?	1	0
People who get subsidies are required to pay 2 to 9.5 percent of their income toward premiums, based on how much money they make.	3	0
Then the exchange takes over.	2	0
You can also fill out paper applications or apply over the phone.	7	0
The federal and state exchange sites have toll-free numbers where consumers can find information about getting help in person.	3	0
After that, the exchange will show you a list of health plans and their premiums and out-of-pocket costs, including deductibles and co-payments.	1	0
Will all states have exchanges?	10	0
The penalty starts at $95 or 1 percent of income for the first year and rises to $695, or 2.5 percent of income for an individual in 2016.	1	0
How will I know if I qualify?	534	1
It's an online marketplace where individuals and small employers will be able to shop for insurance coverage.	3	0
What if I can't afford the premiums?	142	1
How do the health law's online exchanges work?	5	0
If I am buying coverage on my own, do I have to buy it on the exchange?	7	0
Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent program of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation, a nonprofit, nonpartisan health policy research and communication organization not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente.	695	1
Consumers can shop for coverage on or off the exchange.	7	0
If you have a computer, it's relatively straightforward.	1	0
The federal government has also set up call centers to answer questions from people in states with federal exchanges.	2	0
What kinds of plans will be offered?	4	0
Most federal workers will continue to get coverage through the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program (FEHBP) and not be required to purchase coverage through the marketplaces.	1	0
However, the Supreme Court ruled last year that states may opt out of that expansion.	1	0
Who will use the exchanges?	23	1
As the health law's online marketplaces prepare to open next month, many people wonder how they will work.	1	0
If not, it will tell you how much of a subsidy you can receive.	3	0
Insurers must present them in a standardized way so consumers can examine the benefits and cost and comparison-shop (not exactly as they might when booking a hotel or buying an airline flight, but almost).	1	0
Annual cost-sharing, or the amount consumers must pay for co-payments for medical services and deductibles, will be capped at $6,350 for individual policies and $12,700 for family plans in 2014.	2	0
You can go online to Healthcare.gov or to your state-run exchange, if there is one, and create an account.	2	0
The administration said the government would continue to pay up to 75 percent of the premium, as it does for federal workers enrolled in FEHBP, under a proposed rule by the Office of Personnel Management.	1	0
The health law also expands Medicaid.	5	0
Medicare applicants can continue to go to Medicare.gov to sign up during their open enrollment period, which begins Oct. 15.	1	0
What happens if I don't purchase insurance?	3	0
Most workers and their families already have coverage through their jobs, and they will not be likely to buy policies on the exchanges.	1	0
Also, adults up to the age of 26 have another choice: They often can get coverage through their parents' health plans.	2	0
However, you may not be eligible for a subsidy unless you make less than 400 percent of the federal poverty level and your employer's plan covers less than 60 percent of allowed medical expenses or costs more than 9.5 percent of your household income.	125	1
It first determines whether you are eligible for Medicaid; if so, it will refer you there.	1	0
As of early this month, 22 states had chosen not to expand.	1	0
They're aimed at people who are uninsured, people who don't get coverage through their employer and those whose employer-based coverage is too costly and/or lacking in benefits.	1	0
Beginning Oct. 1, the site will publish more information about the plans offered on the federally administered exchanges.	2	0
Insurers will offer four types of plans, based on the deductibles, co-payments and other costs the consumer will have to pick up.	1	0
If your state is running its own exchange, you'll be directed there as well.	2	0
The workers threatening to strike say they claim €320m not €1.26bn, and say the nature of their jobs means they experience long periods of unemployment for which they should be compensated.	0	0
We are asking that the agreement be renegotiated because the way it's been done is despicable and senseless.	2	0
Under a deal reached between unions, employers and the French government in March, the part-time and temporary workers will have to pay higher contributions and wait longer after the end of each temporary period of work before they are entitled to benefits.	15	1
It's not only about a fight for rights, but for a model of society.	2	0
Known as intermittents, a 1936 law gives them higher compensation, benefits and social protection than the average unemployed person in recognition of their job insecurity.	4	0
Part-time and temporary workers are angry at plans to reduce their right to extra benefits and social security, aimed at cutting government debt.	2	0
In a statement, Avignon workers warned: If the government approves the 22 March agreement, we reserve the possibility to apply our right to strike from 4 July and the government will have to take responsibility for the consequences.	1	0
It's not only about a fight for rights, but for a model of society. And this betrayal comes from a leftwing government,	1	0
It is now one of the biggest arts festivals in the world.	1	0
If the government approves the 22 March agreement, we reserve the possibility to apply our right to strike from 4 July and the government will have to take responsibility for the consequences.	1	0
Strikes by performers, actors and technicians are threatening to shut down some of France's leading arts events, including the renowned Avignon festival.	2	0
The industrial action has already led to the cancellation of the Latin American Rio Loco festival in Toulouse, due to open on Wednesday, along with a Paris flamenco event.	2	0
And this betrayal comes from a leftwing government, Allaire told the newspaper Libération.	1	0
In a letter to Le Monde last month, the director of the Avignon ON festival, Olivier Py, called on the prime minister, Manuel Valls, to order a moratorium on the March agreement and reopen negotiations.	1	0
The auditors add that while arts workers account for 3% of France's 10.1% jobless total, their special status creates one third of the €3.7bn social security's unemployment benefit deficit.	1	0
The disgruntled performers and technicians say they will step up their action to hit the big summer festivals, including the Avignon festival in July, which attracts tens of thousands of arts lovers.	2	0
The last time a French government carried out reforms in this area, in 2003, the Avignon festival was cancelled, for the first time since it was founded in 1947.	1	0
They say the proposals will hit the country's exception culturelle (cultural exception), a fiercely-guarded principle that means anything considered to be of cultural value to French society should be protected by the state from market forces.	2	0
Jacques Allaire, an actor-director, said France's exception culturelle was threatened by the cuts.	1	0
One demonstrator at the naked protest in Guise on Tuesday told Filippetti: We are asking that the agreement be renegotiated because the way it's been done is despicable and senseless.	1	0
They have to work 507 hours over 10-and-a-half months for performers and over 10 months for technicians to qualify for the payments.	4	0
The government has appointed a mediator to meet union representatives.	1	0
At the heart of the dispute is the special status given to more than 254,000 workers in France's film, theatre, television and festival industry.	3	0
France's official auditors, the Cour des Comptes, says a system in which intermittents contribute €232m (£185m) in social security payments but claim €1.26bn in benefits cannot continue.	1	0
The threat came as the train drivers strike continued for a third day a strike by taxi drivers earlier this week and a warning from Air France that its ground staff were planning industrial action on Sunday over the proposed restructuring of the company.	1	0
The Paris-based British singer Jane Birkin has cancelled her 22 June appearance at the Montpellier theatre festival in support of the strikers and performers, who have protested nude during a visit by the culture minister, Aurélie Filippetti, to a culture centre in northern France .	1	0
France's Socialist government is trying to reduce the country's social security bill as part of a wider effort to bring public spending and debt to within EU limits.	1	0
French arts workers threaten to shut down main festivals with strike.	27	1
The Vermont law takes effect in mid-2016, but opponents said shortly after the bill signing that they would file a lawsuit.	10	0
But many in the food industry say the food is safe, the technology boosts food production, and its use is less environmentally harmful than traditional farming methods.	5	0
The Grocery Manufacturers' Association said government has no compelling interest in warning consumers about GMO foods.	10	0
In signing the legislation, Shumlin asked for support Internet-wide, announcing the launch of a new website to help the state raise funds toward a court battle with agribusiness or biotech industries.	4	0
About 300 people gathered at the Statehouse to celebrate the new law with live music and Vermont-made Ben & Jerry's ice cream.	2	0
The Biotechnology Industry Organization was quick to criticize the new law.	4	0
I feel like this is a wonderful step toward a healthier world and I'm so glad Vermont is the first to take it.	4	0
Critics of GMO foods consider them environmentally suspect and a possible health threat.	79	1
Another obstacle to the state law looms in Congress as Republicans work on a bill that would forbid states from passing and enforcing laws requiring GMO labeling.	10	0
The entire product, not each individual item or package, would be subject to the penalty.	6	0
The bill would require the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to create the guidelines for the labels.	4	0
MONTPELIER, Vt. (AP) — As hundreds cheered, Gov.	22	1
And these same GM crops have enabled farmers to produce more on less land with fewer pesticide applications, less water and reduced on-farm fuel use, BIO Vice President Cathleen Enright said.	7	0
I'm so proud of the state I live in,	5	0
Peter Shumlin signed a law Thursday that puts Vermont on the path to be the first state to require labeling of genetically modified foods and promptly announced an online fundraiser to battle expected legal challenges from the food industry.	28	1
I'm so proud of the state I live in, said 11-year-old Brigid Ambrust of West Hartford, who started a letter-writing campaign to persuade legislators to pass the law.	4	0
After Vermont Passes GMO Labeling Law, Food Industry Announces Plans To Sue.	29	1
It also sets a civil penalty of $1,000 per day per product for false certification.	75	1
Maine and Connecticut have previously passed laws requiring labels on GMO foods, but their laws don't take effect unless neighboring states follow suit.	4	0
The law calls for the labeling of processed GMO foods and for retailers to post signs on displays of unpackaged genetically engineered foods.	4	0
In Congress, a House bill proposes voluntary labels on GMO foods.	4	0
In a statement, the group said scientists and regulators worldwide recognize that foods made from genetically modified crops are safe.	3	0
Restaurants are exempt from the requirements.	7	0
And these same GM crops have enabled farmers to produce more on less land with fewer pesticide applications, less water and reduced on-farm fuel use,	30	1
We are asking people all across America, and all across the great state of Vermont, to go to (the website) and make a donation, so that we can win the Vermont Food Fight Fund fight not only for Vermont, but for America,	62	1
We are asking people all across America, and all across the great state of Vermont, to go to (the website) and make a donation, so that we can win the Vermont Food Fight Fund fight not only for Vermont, but for America, Shumlin said.	49	1
There is no mission and no adversary for such plane, Russian defense analyst Konovalov says.	6	0
And if Americans thought they were alone in questioning the need for an advanced fighter program in today's drone-filled skies, many Russians are also wondering at the need for their new aircraft.	9	0
The T-50 will be offered to countries — and Russian allies — looking for an alternative to the F-35, Lockheed Martin's long-delayed fifth generation fighter.	10	0
It would be more expedient to fit modern avionics to older generation jets.	21	1
But those countries won't be training pilots any time soon.	8	0
The Russians expect to sell about 1,000 fighters worldwide.	9	0
See why it won't compete >	3	0
There is no mission and no adversary for such plane,	21	1
Malaysia won't get their T-50s until 2035 at the earliest.	10	0
According to Russia's Centre for Analysis of World Arms Trade (CAWAT) the delivery schedule could be decades away for some purchasing nations.	7	0
Sukhoi T-50 Can't Compete With The F-35.	5	0
Of the jets in production that promise to take military fighters deep into the 21st century and beyond, the U.S. F-35 , the Chinese J-20 , and the Russian Sukhoi T-50 PAK FA are at the top of the heap.	23	1
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has been warning of an intensified government campaign to recover militant-held territory since taking office June 7.	1	0
The team was recording pro-Russia militants manning a roadblock in the village of Metalist, outside Luhansk, when the site came under fire.	1	0
Ukraine has been convulsed by rebellion and armed clashes for more than six months.	1	0
The uprising toppled Yanukovich in late February, and Putin sent troops to Crimea a few days later to seize the strategic peninsula, where Russia's Black Sea fleet is based.	1	0
Cameraman Viktor Denisov, with whom Kornelyuk was working when the mortar attack began, survived when he ran in the opposite direction as the reporter and sound man, Rossiya-24 television reported.	1	0
The ministry demanded that Kiev investigate the circumstances of the 37-year-old's death.	1	0
They were the second and third Russian journalists killed in the separatist clashes in eastern Ukraine in less than a month,	1	0
The Russian journalist's death has once again convincingly shown the criminal essence of the forces that have unleashed the punitive operation in the east of Ukraine in which civilians continue to be killed, the Russian Foreign Ministry said in an earlier statement before Voloshin's death was confirmed.	1	0
The Russian journalist's death has once again convincingly shown the criminal essence of the forces that have unleashed the punitive operation in the east of Ukraine in which civilians continue to be killed,	6	0
Former President Viktor Yanukovich sparked months of angry protests in late November when he scrapped a trade association agreement with the European Union that had been three years in the making in favor of maintaining close economic integration with Russia.	1	0
Reporter Igor Kornelyuk, 37, of Russian state broadcaster RTR died at a nearby hospital after a mortar round landed near where his crew was filming.	1	0
Kiev authorities accuse the Kremlin of arming and inciting the fighters occupying a dozen towns and cities in eastern Ukraine's Donetsk and Luhansk regions.	1	0
Two Russian journalists killed in Ukrainian attack on separatists - Los Angeles Times.	1	0
Russian President Vladimir Putin, who annexed Ukraine's Crimean peninsula two days after a similar and widely criticized referendum was held there on March 16, has denied any Russian role in the unrest in eastern Ukraine.	2	0
Rossiya-24, the television crew's network affiliate, later said it had confirmed that sound man Angon Voloshin had died at the scene of the attack but that ongoing fighting prevented his body from being retrieved.	1	0
At least 125 Ukrainian troops have been killed since the militants began seizing local government and security service headquarters in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions in late March, and at least as many separatists have died in the government's anti-terrorist operation to recover control of the region.	1	0
He convened Ukraine's National Security and Defense Council on Monday to unveil a proposed peace plan that calls for a cease-fire with the pro-Russia militants as soon as government forces have sealed the border with Russia.	1	0
Both areas held makeshift referendums on May 11 and proclaimed their seized territory to be the independent People's Republics of Donetsk and Luhansk.	1	0
That land grab is believed to have encouraged the pro-Russia separatists in eastern Ukraine to take over government buildings and police stations in an attempt to compel Moscow to annex their regions as well.	1	0
An Italian photojournalist, Andrea Rocchelli, and his Russian assistant, Andrey Mironov, were killed by mortar fire May 24 near the embattled town of Slovyansk, another focal point in the fighting between pro-Russia separatists and Ukrainian government forces.	1	0
Two Russian television journalists were killed Tuesday in a Ukrainian military attack on a militant roadblock near the eastern city of Luhansk, stirring accusations by the Russian government and media that Kiev's troops are targeting civilians.	3	0
Peter Shumlin signed the bill in May.	24	1
The lawsuit, filed at U.S. District Court in Burlington, contends the Food and Drug Administration has confirmed the safety of more than 100 genetically engineered crops for human consumption since 1994.	5	0
Lawsuit challenges Vermont's GMO labeling law.	70	1
Act 120 imposes burdensome new speech requirements — and restrictions — that will affect, by Vermont's count, eight out of every ten foods at the grocery store, the GMA said.	51	1
His office had yet to be served with the complaint.	8	0
The lawsuit has drawn attention from a national organization on the other side of the issue from the four plaintiffs.	3	0
We have been gearing up, Sorrell said Thursday.	3	0
The lawsuit, filed at U.S. District Court in Burlington, contends the Food and Drug Administration has	5	0
BURLINGTON, Vt. -- Four national organizations whose members would be affected by Vermont's new labeling law for genetically engineered foods filed a lawsuit Thursday in federal court challenging the measure's constitutionality.	2	0
since 1994.

The lawsuit has drawn attention from a national organization on the other side of the issue from the four plaintiffs.

Ronnie Cummins, national director of the Organic Consumers Association, defended the Vermont law, saying 60 other countries either have banned GMOs or require mandatory labeling of foods that contain them.	4	0
The groups added that the federal government has the sole authority over regulating nationwide distribution and labeling practices that facilitate interstate commerce, and the Constitution prohibits Vermont from doing so.	5	0
Vermont's mandatory GMO labeling law — Act 120 — is a costly and misguided measure that will set the nation on a path toward a 50-state patchwork of GMO labeling policies that do nothing to advance the health and safety of consumers,	72	1
Attorney General William Sorrell noted Thursday he had advised lawmakers as they deliberated that the law would invite a lawsuit from those affected and it would be a heck of a fight, but we would zealously defend the law.	8	0
Vermont's mandatory GMO labeling law — Act 120 — is a costly and misguided measure that will set the nation on a path toward a 50-state patchwork of GMO labeling policies that do nothing to advance the health and safety of consumers, the Grocery Manufacturers Association said in a statement about the lawsuit.	60	1
The labeling requirements would take effect July 1, 2016.	4	0
We have been gearing up,	1150	1
The people of Vermont have said loud and clear they have a right to know what is in their food, said Falko Schilling, consumer protection advocate with the Vermont Public Interest Research Group.	35	1
said Falko Schilling, consumer protection advocate with the Vermont Public Interest Research Group.

Schilling said lawmakers determined there was a lack of consensus about the safety of genetically engineered foods,	4	0
Yet Vermont has effectively conceded this law has no basis in health, safety, or science.	59	1
Schilling said lawmakers determined there was a lack of consensus about the safety of genetically engineered foods, so putting labels on is a reasonable and prudent thing so people can decide for themselves.	5	0
This means that many foods containing GMO ingredients will not actually disclose that fact.	53	1
Ronnie Cummins, national director of the Organic Consumers Association, defended the Vermont law, saying 60 other countries either have banned GMOs or require mandatory labeling of foods that contain them.	4	0
Yet Vermont has effectively conceded this law has no basis in health, safety, or science. That is why a number of product categories, including milk, meat, restaurant items and alcohol, are exempt from the law. This means that many foods containing GMO ingredients will not actually disclose that fact.

The groups added that the federal government has the sole authority over regulating nationwide distribution and labeling practices that facilitate interstate commerce, and the Constitution prohibits Vermont from doing so.

The Vermont Right to Know GMOs Coalition, which lobbied for the law, argued that labeling would bring transparency to the information consumers would have about their food.	53	1
That is why a number of product categories, including milk, meat, restaurant items and alcohol, are exempt from the law.	50	1
The statement from the Grocery Manufacturers Association summarizes the grievances of the four plaintiff organizations: GMA, the Snack Food Association, the International Dairy Foods Association and the National Association of Manufacturers.	9	0
The Vermont Right to Know GMOs Coalition, which lobbied for the law, argued that labeling would bring transparency to the information consumers would have about their food.	6	0
He said the lawsuit was a way to intimidate other states considering labeling laws.	4	0
and it would be a heck of a fight, but we would zealously defend the law.	27	1
signs law to require labels on GMO foods	69	1
The state Legislature passed the labeling law in April, and Gov.	4	0
Act 120 imposes burdensome new speech requirements — and restrictions — that will affect, by Vermont's count, eight out of every ten foods at the grocery store,	59	1
Every U.S. citizen should be concerned when a multibillion dollar corporate lobbying group sues in federal court to overturn a state's right to govern for the health and safety of its citizens, Cummins said.	4	0
After completing the captcha below, you will immediately regain access to http://online.wsj.com, however you may receive further captchas if further suspicious behavior is detected.	38	1
You reached this page when attempting to access http://online.wsj.com/articles/philippines-seeks-construction-halt-in-disputed-south-china-sea-1402912823?KEYWORDS=china+south+sea from 104.32.152.200 on 2014-07-09 02:20:42 GMT.	0	0
Due to recent suspicious activity from your computer, we have blocked your access to http://online.wsj.com.	303	1
